Follow-up to P2546, "Debugging Support" (#7642)
cplusplus/draft: source/diagnostics.tex

The semantics of this function are \impldef{semantics of \tcode{breakpoint}}.

\begin{note}
It is intended that, when invoked with a debugger present, the execution of the
program temporarily halts and execution is handed to the debugger until the
program is either terminated by the debugger or the debugger resumes execution
of the program as if the function was not invoked. In particular, there is no
intent for a call to this function to accomodate resumption of the program in a

> different manner. If there is no debugger present, the program can abend.

Author: @Dani-Hub, how about:
```suggestion
different manner. If there is no debugger present, execution of the program can
end abnormally.
```
?

Reviewer: Looks like a great improvement to may - Thanks Hubert!

\impldef{default semantics of \tcode{is_debugger_present}}.

\begin{note}
It is intended that, using an immediate (uncached) query to determine if the
program is being traced by a debugger, an implementation returns \tcode{true}
only when tracing the execution of the program with a debugger. On Windows or
equivalent systems, this can be achieved by calling the
\tcode{::IsDebuggerPresent()} Win32 function. For systems compatible with

> ISO/IEC 23360:2021, this can be achieved by checking for a tracing process, with

Reviewer 2: This replaces "POSIX" with "Linux Standard Base".  Is there a particular reason for that?  Does POSIX not cover the needed functionality?

Reviewer 3: Although `ptrace` is present in most UNIX-like systems, it isn't part of POSIX. The LSB is a much narrower scope than POSIX, but it _is_ a standard, unlike families like "BSD" or "SysV". So if we want a standard that includes `ptrace`, LSB makes sense.

However, the wording never mentions `prrace` it just talks about "tracing" and "a tracer parent process" which is still meaningful even in e.g. HP-UX which replaced `ptrace` with `ttrace`, and in Solaris through `ptrace` but also via procfs. So maybe it's OK.

Author: > However, the wording never mentions `prrace` it just talks about "tracing" and "a tracer parent process" which is still meaningful even in e.g. HP-UX which replaced `ptrace` with `ttrace`, and in Solaris through `ptrace` but also via procfs. So maybe it's OK.

Using "POSIX" in conjunction with the handwaving implies that the handwaving is necessarily meaningful for all possible implementations of POSIX. That it is probably meaningful for extant implementations of POSIX does not make me feel any better about using "POSIX" without qualification.
